README.md, before:

# OVERVIEW

<p><img src="GITHUB.png" height="100%"></p>

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Aenean ac ornare velit. Aliquam egestas aliquam iaculis. Morbi sed augue rhoncus ante commodo porttitor. Fusce tristique ipsum sed ante dictum consequat. Nunc in turpis ligula. Nulla finibus facilisis accumsan. Sed ornare suscipit tortor. Maecenas sed congue purus. Aliquam lectus purus, commodo at tincidunt convallis, vestibulum sit amet orci. Morbi turpis eros, vulputate ut mattis at, ultrices at sapien.

---

### Lenght Between 12 and 72

Vivamus eget tortor elit. Pellentesque posuere ligula eros, non eleifend mauris cursus id. Donec id aliquam lacus. Praesent sapien neque, pretium eget lacus ut, dictum hendrerit libero.

---

### No Scope or Type

Vivamus eget tortor elit. Pellentesque posuere ligula eros, non eleifend mauris cursus id. Donec id aliquam lacus. Praesent sapien neque, pretium eget lacus ut, dictum hendrerit libero.

---

### No Trailing Punctuation

Vivamus eget tortor elit. Pellentesque posuere ligula eros, non eleifend mauris cursus id. Donec id aliquam lacus. Praesent sapien neque, pretium eget lacus ut, dictum hendrerit libero.

---

### No Weird Characters

Vivamus eget tortor elit. Pellentesque posuere ligula eros, non eleifend mauris cursus id. Donec id aliquam lacus. Praesent sapien neque, pretium eget lacus ut, dictum hendrerit libero.

---

### Start with Allowed Verb

Vivamus eget tortor elit. Pellentesque posuere ligula eros, non eleifend mauris cursus id. Donec id aliquam lacus. Praesent sapien neque, pretium eget lacus ut, dictum hendrerit libero.

---

# GUIDANCE

### Global Installation

Vivamus pretium consequat erat eu semper.

```shell

```

Commit message:

Update commit message style logic

README.md, after:

# OVERVIEW

<p><img src="GITHUB.png" height="100%"></p>

A Git commit message style enforcer that validates your commit messages against a set of opinionated rules. This tool ensures consistency and clarity in your commit history by checking message length, format, and content.

---

### Lenght Between 12 and 72

Commit messages must be between 12 and 72 characters long. This ensures messages are descriptive enough to be meaningful while remaining concise and readable in Git logs and tools.

---

### No Scope or Type

Commit messages must not use conventional commit format (e.g., `feat:`, `fix(scope):`, `chore!:`). This enforces a simpler, more direct message style without type prefixes or scope annotations.

---

### No Trailing Punctuation

Commit messages must not end with punctuation marks (`.`, `,`, `;`, `:`, `!`, `?`). This keeps messages clean and follows common Git conventions where the subject line is treated as a title.

---

### No Weird Characters

Commit messages must not contain special characters like `@`, `#`, `$`, `%`, `^`, `&`, `*`, `()`, `{}`, `[]`, `<>`, `|`, `\`, `~`, or backticks. This ensures messages remain simple and compatible across different tools and platforms.

---

### Start with Allowed Verb

Commit messages must start with one of the allowed verbs: Accept, Adjust, Bundle, Bypass, Cancel, Concat, Create, Decode, Delete, Deploy, Enable, Encode, Ensure, Export, Filter, Forbid, Format, Freeze, Harden, Ignore, Import, Insert, Loosen, Permit, Rebase, Refine, Reject, Resume, Return, Revert, Reword, Secure, Submit, Switch, Unpack, Update, Vanish, or Verify. This enforces an imperative mood and consistent vocabulary.

---

# GUIDANCE

### Global Installation

```shell
git config --global core.hooksPath "$HOME/.githooks"
curl "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/olankens/devsetup/HEAD/src/devsetup.sh" -o "$HOME/.githooks/commit-msg"
chmod +x "$HOME/.githooks/commit-msg"
```
